source	target	Class_A_source	Class_B_source	Class_A_target	Class_B_target
map00010	map00650	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00770	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00380	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00561	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00564	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00562	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00640	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00052	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00360	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00051	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00520	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00030	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00500	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00010	map00300	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00350	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00280	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00071	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00220	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00300	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00650	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00061	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00310	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00053	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00360	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00640	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00760	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00020	map00062	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	map00052	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	map00230	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	map00740	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00030	map00240	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00040	map00053	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00040	map00030	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00040	map00520	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00040	map00562	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00040	map00500	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00040	map00052	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00051	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00051	map00510	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00051	map00053	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00051	map00052	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00051	map00520	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00051	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00052	map00520	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00052	map00030	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00052	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00053	map00520	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00053	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00053	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00053	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00053	map00051	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00061	map00780	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00061	map00071	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00061	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00061	map00561	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00061	map00410	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00061	map00062	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00061	map00564	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00061	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00062	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00062	map00071	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00071	map00062	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00071	map00650	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00071	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00071	map00561	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00071	map00061	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00071	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00100	map00900	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00130	map00900	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00130	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00220	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00220	map00230	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00220	map00910	Metabolism	Energy metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00220	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00220	map00240	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00220	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00220	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00230	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00230	map00030	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00230	map00860	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00230	map00740	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00230	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00230	map00790	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00230	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00240	map00410	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00240	map00030	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00240	map00280	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00240	map00220	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00240	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism
map00250	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00770	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00410	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00760	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00650	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00300	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00970	Genetic Information Processing	Translation	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00240	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00910	Metabolism	Energy metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00860	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00230	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00480	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00250	map00220	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00860	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00564	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00300	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00920	Metabolism	Energy metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00290	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00640	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00730	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00600	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00260	map00230	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00261	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
map00261	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
map00261	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
map00261	map00300	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites
map00270	map00430	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00970	Genetic Information Processing	Translation	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00480	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00640	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00730	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00290	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00920	Metabolism	Energy metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00900	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00270	map00770	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00280	map00900	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00280	map00640	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00280	map00240	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00280	map00290	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00280	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00290	map00970	Genetic Information Processing	Translation	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00290	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00290	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00290	map00280	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00290	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00300	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00300	map00310	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00300	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00300	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00300	map00261	Metabolism	Biosynthesis of other secondary metabolites	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00300	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00310	map00780	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00310	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00310	map00300	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00310	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00970	Genetic Information Processing	Translation	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00770	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00650	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00410	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00480	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00220	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00330	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00350	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00350	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00360	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00360	map00350	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00360	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00360	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00380	map00970	Genetic Information Processing	Translation	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00380	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00380	map00760	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00400	map00970	Genetic Information Processing	Translation	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00400	map00350	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00400	map00790	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00400	map00360	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00400	map00380	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00400	map00130	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism
map00410	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00410	map00061	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00410	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00410	map00640	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00410	map00240	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00410	map00770	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00430	map00480	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00430	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00470	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00470	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00470	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00470	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00470	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00470	map00220	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00480	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00480	map00430	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00480	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00480	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids
map00500	map00520	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00500	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00500	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00510	map00563	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
map00510	map00900	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
map00510	map00051	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
map00520	map00500	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00520	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00520	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00520	map00052	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00520	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00520	map00053	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00520	map00051	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00561	map00071	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00561	map00061	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00561	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00561	map00564	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00561	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00562	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00562	map00564	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00562	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00563	map00510	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
map00563	map00564	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism
map00564	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00564	map00563	Metabolism	Glycan biosynthesis and metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00564	map00561	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00564	map00061	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00600	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism
map00620	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00051	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00300	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00564	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00290	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00650	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00061	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00430	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00760	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00470	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00640	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00350	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00620	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00071	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00030	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00053	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00910	Metabolism	Energy metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00630	map00230	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00640	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00640	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00640	map00410	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00640	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00640	map00280	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00640	map00770	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00640	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00650	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00650	map00020	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00650	map00350	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00650	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00650	map00071	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00650	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00650	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism
map00730	map00230	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00730	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00730	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00740	map00040	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00740	map00860	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00740	map00230	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00740	map00900	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00760	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00760	map00620	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00770	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00770	map00240	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00770	map00640	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00770	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00770	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00770	map00410	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00780	map00310	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00790	map00230	Metabolism	Nucleotide metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00790	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00860	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00860	map00740	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00860	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins
map00900	map00100	Metabolism	Lipid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
map00900	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
map00900	map00130	Metabolism	Metabolism of cofactors and vitamins	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
map00900	map00010	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Metabolism of terpenoids and polyketides
map00910	map00630	Metabolism	Carbohydrate metabolism	Metabolism	Energy metabolism
map00910	map00220	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Energy metabolism
map00910	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Energy metabolism
map00920	map00430	Metabolism	Metabolism of other amino acids	Metabolism	Energy metabolism
map00920	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Energy metabolism
map00920	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Metabolism	Energy metabolism
map00970	map00270	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Genetic Information Processing	Translation
map00970	map00330	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Genetic Information Processing	Translation
map00970	map00300	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Genetic Information Processing	Translation
map00970	map00400	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Genetic Information Processing	Translation
map00970	map00260	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Genetic Information Processing	Translation
map00970	map00250	Metabolism	Amino acid metabolism	Genetic Information Processing	Translation
